(Advances in Finance, Accounting, and Economics) Mohammad Nabil Almunawar, Muhamad Abduh - Economics, Business, and Islamic Finance in ASEAN Economics Community-IGI Global (2020).pdf
(Advances in Research on Islamic Economics and Finance 1) Jennifer L. Ward-Batts (editor)_ Toseef Azid (editor) - Economic Empowerment of Women in the Islamic World_ Theory and Practice-World Scientif (1).pdf
(Advances in Research on Islamic Economics and Finance 1) Jennifer L. Ward-Batts (editor)_ Toseef Azid (editor) - Economic Empowerment of Women in the Islamic World_ Theory and Practice-World Scientif.pdf
(Eco-Efficiency in Industry and Science 23) Reid Lifset (auth.), Sangwon Suh (eds.) - Handbook of Input-Output Economics in Industrial Ecology-Springer Netherlands (2009).pdf
(Emerald Points) Ahmet Suayb Gundogdu - A Modern Perspective of Islamic Economics and Finance-Emerald Publishing (2019).epub
(Emerald Points) Ahmet Suayb Gundogdu - A Modern Perspective of Islamic Economics and Finance-Emerald Publishing (2019).pdf
(Handbooks in Economics) A.V. Kneese, J. Sweeney - Handbook of Natural Resource and Energy Economics. 3-North Holland (1993) (1).part1.rar
(Handbooks in Economics) A.V. Kneese, J. Sweeney - Handbook of Natural Resource and Energy Economics. 3-North Holland (1993) (1).part2.rar
(Islamic Business and Finance Series) Toseef Azid and Lutfi Sunar - Social Justice and Islamic Economics_ Theory, Issues and Practice-Routledge (2019).pdf
(Our Sustainable Future) Ozzie Zehner - Green Illusions_ The Dirty Secrets of Clean Energy and the Future of Environmentalism-University of Nebraska Press (2012).pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Islamic Banking, Finance, and Economics) Abdelrahman Elzahi Saaid Ali (editor), Khalifa Mohamed Ali (editor), Mohamed Hassan Azrag (editor) - Enhancing Financial Inclusion through.pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Islamic Banking, Finance, and Economics) Abdelrahman Elzahi Saaid Ali (editor), Khalifa Mohamed Ali (editor), Muhammad Khaleequzzaman (editor) - Enhancing Financial Inclusion thro.pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Islamic Banking, Finance, and Economics) Mohyedine Hajjar - Islamic Finance in Europe_ A Cross Analysis of 10 European Countries-Springer International Publishing_ Palgrave Macmil (1).pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Islamic Banking, Finance, and Economics) Mohyedine Hajjar - Islamic Finance in Europe_ A Cross Analysis of 10 European Countries-Springer International Publishing_ Palgrave Macmil.pdf
(Palgrave Studies in Islamic Banking, Finance, and Economics) Salman Syed Ali - Towards a Maqāṣid al-Sharīʿah Index of Socio-Economic Development_ Theory and Application-Springer International Publish.pdf
(Routledge focus on economics and finance) Masudul Alam Choudhury - Islamic Economics and COVID-19 _ The Economic, Social and Scientific Consequences of a Global Pandemic-Routledge (2021).pdf
(Springer Texts in Business and Economics) Peter Zweifel, Aaron Praktiknjo, Georg Erdmann (auth.) - Energy Economics_ Theory and Applications-Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg (2017).pdf
(World scientific series on energy and resource economics 1) Apostolos Serletis - Quantitative and Empirical Analysis of Energy Markets-World Scientific (2007).pdf
Ann G. Ryan, Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Solutions Manual to Accompany Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.part1.rar
Ann G. Ryan, Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Solutions Manual to Accompany Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.part2.rar
Arnold Zellner An introduction to Bayesian inference in econometrics.djvu
Budgeting an experimental investigation of the effect.pdf
Cem Eyerci - The Causes and Consequences of Interest Theory_ Analyzing Interest through Conventional and Islamic Economics-Palgrave Macmillan (2021).pdf
Cheng Hsiao Analysis of Panel Data.pdf
Cryer, Jonathan D. Time Series Analysis With Applications in R.pdf
Damodar Gujarati, Dawn Porter Basic Econometrics.pdf
Damodar N. Gujarati Basic Econometrics.pdf
Daniel Kahneman, Paul Slovic, Amos Tversky (eds.)-Judgment under Uncertainty_ Heuristics and Biases-Cambridge University Press (1982).part1.rar
Daniel Kahneman, Paul Slovic, Amos Tversky (eds.)-Judgment under Uncertainty_ Heuristics and Biases-Cambridge University Press (1982).part2.rar
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part1.rar
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part2.rar
David Silverman, Amir Marvasti Doing Qualitative Research A Comprehensive Guide.part3.rar
David W. Hosmer, Stanley Lemeshow, Susanne Mayauth. Applied Survival Analysis Regression Modeling of Time-to-Event Data, Second Edition.pdf
Dipak K. Dey, Sujit K. Ghosh, Bani K. Mallick Generalized Linear Models A Bayesian Perspective.pdf
Donald R Cooper, Pamela S. Schindler Business Research Methods.part1.rar
Donald R Cooper, Pamela S. Schindler Business Research Methods.part2.rar
Donella Meadows, Jorgen Randers_Dennis Meadows - The Limits to Growth_ the 30-Year Update-Chelsea Green Publishing Company (2004_2011).epub
Douglas C. Montgomery, Elizabeth A. Peck, G. Geoffrey Vining Introduction to Linear Regression Analysis.pdf
Earl Babbie The Practice of Social Research.part1.rar
Earl Babbie The Practice of Social Research.part2.rar
Earl R. Babbie The Practice of Social Research 12th Edition .pdf
Factors Influencing the Target Costing Process.pdf
G. S. Maddala Limited-Dependent and Qualitative Variables in Econometrics.pdf
Geoffrey A. Jehle, Philip J. Reny Advanced Microeconomic Theory, 3rd Edition .pdf
Gerry Johnson, Kevan Scholes, Richard Whittington Exploring Corporate Strategy 8th Edition.pdf
H. Thomas Johnson, Robert S. Kaplan Relevance Lost The Rise and Fall of Management Accounting.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomic Analysis.pdf
Hal R. Varian Microeconomics analysis.pdf
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part1.rar
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part2.rar
Harry Wolk, James Dodd, Michael Tearney Accounting Theory Conceptual Issues in a Political and Economic Environment.part3.rar
Hashem Pesaran, Lung-Fei Lee, Cheng Hsiao, M. Hashem Pesaran, Kajal Lahiri, Lung Fei Lee Analysis of Panels and Limited Dependent Variable Models.rar
Herman E. Daly - Ecological Economics and Sustainable Development_ Selected Essays of Herman Daly (Advances in Ecological Economics)-Edward Elgar Publishing (2008).pdf
Herman E. Daly, Joshua Farley - Ecological Economics, Second Edition_ Principles and Applications-Island Press (2010).pdf
Joanne Evans, Lester C. Hunt - International Handbook on the Economics of Energy-Edward Elgar Pub (2009).pdf
Joseph F. Hair, William C. Black, Barry J. Babin, Rolph E. Anderson Multivariate Data Analysis 7th Edition.pdf
Jr., William C. Black, Barry J. Ba Joseph F. Hair Multivariate Data Analysis.pdf
Karl Popper The Logic Of Scientific Discovery.pdf
Karl Popper The logic of scientific discovery.pdf
Masudul Alam Choudhury - Islamic Economics as Mesoscience_ A New Paradigm of Knowledge-Springer (2021).pdf
Masudul Alam Choudhury - Methodological Dimension Of Islamic Economics-World Scientific Publishing Company (2019).pdf
Masudul Alam Choudhury - The Tawhidi Methodological Worldview_ A Transdisciplinary Study of Islamic Economics-Springer (2019).pdf
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part1.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part2.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part3.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making (1).part4.rar
Max H. Bazerman, Don A. Moore Judgment in Managerial Decision Making.pdf
Michael Common, Sigrid Stagl - Ecological Economics_ An Introduction (2005) (2005).pdf
Muhamed Zulkhibri, Turkhan Ali Abdul Manap, Aishath Muneeza - Islamic Monetary Economics and Institutions_ Theory and Practice-Springer International Publishing (2019).pdf
Norman R. Draper, Harry Smith Applied Regression Analysis, Third Edition .part1.rar
Norman R. Draper, Harry Smith Applied Regression Analysis, Third Edition .part2.rar
Riahi-Belkaoui A. Behavioral Management Accounting.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 5th Edition.pdf
Richard Arnold Johnson, Dean W. Wichern Applied multivariate statistical analysis, 6th Edition .pdf
Robert H. Ashton editor, Alison Hubbard Ashton editor Judgment and Decision-Making Research in Accounting and Auditing Cambridge Series on Judgment and Decision Making.pdf
Robert L. Mason, Richard F. Gunst, James L. Hess Statistical design and analysis of experiments with applications to engineering and science.pdf
Roman Kozhan Financial Econometrics.pdf
Roy L. Nersesian - Energy Economics_ Markets, History and Policy-Routledge (2016).pdf
Sanford Weisberg Applied Linear Regression.pdf
Sanford Weisberg Applied linear regression (1).pdf
Spyros G. Makridakis, Steven C. Wheelwright, Rob J Hyndman Forecasting Methods and Applications.pdf
Stanislav E. Shmelev (auth.) - Ecological Economics_ Sustainability in Practice-Springer Netherlands (2012).part1.rar
Stanislav E. Shmelev (auth.) - Ecological Economics_ Sustainability in Practice-Springer Netherlands (2012).part2.rar
Stanislav E. Shmelev (auth.) - Ecological Economics_ Sustainability in Practice-Springer Netherlands (2012).part3.rar
Stanislav E. Shmelev (auth.) - Ecological Economics_ Sustainability in Practice-Springer Netherlands (2012).part4.rar
Subhes C. Bhattacharyya - Energy Economics_ Concepts, Issues, Markets And Governance-Springer (2019).pdf
The Introduction of Management Control Systems in Growing.pdf
Varian Microeconomic Analysis. SOLUTIONS.pdf
W. Lawrence Neuman Social Research Methods Qualitative and Quantitative Approaches.pdf
Walter Enders Applied Econometric Time Series.pdf
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions.pdf
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions, 10th Edition .part1.rar
Walter Nicholson, Christopher M. Snyder Microeconomic Theory Basic Principles and Extensions, 10th Edition .part2.rar
William W.S. Wei Time Series Analysis Univariate and Multivariate Methods 2nd Edition.pdf
Zubair Hasan - Leading Issues in Islamic Economics and Finance_ Critical Evaluations-Springer Singapore_Palgrave Macmillan (2020).pdf
[Andrew_Gelman,_John_B._Carlin,_Hal_S._Stern,_Davi(b-ok.org).pdf
[Bayu_Dardias_Kurniadi]_Praktek_Penelitian_Kualita.pdf
[Benjamin_R._Newell,_David_A._Lagnado,_David_R._Sh(BookFi).pdf
[David_Silverman_(Ed.)]_Qualitative_Research_Theo(BookFi).pdf
further evidence on the representativeness.pdf
target cost management and organizational theories.pdf
the association between activity-based costing.pdf
the balanced scorecard judgmental effect.pdf
the balanced scorecard the effect of assurance.pdf
towards.explaining.pdf
using budget for performance evaluation effects of resource.pdf
